Kontrol documentation and cleanup (#9254)
ethereum-optimism/optimism: packages/contracts-bedrock/test/kontrol/README.md

├── <a href="./proofs">proofs</a>: Where the proofs (tests) themselves live
│   ├── *.k.sol</a>: Symbolic property tests for contracts
│   ├── <a href="./proofs/interfaces">interfaces</a>: Interface files for src contracts, to avoid unnecessary compilation of contracts
│   └── <a href="./proofs/utils">utils</a>: Proof dependencies, including the autogenerated deployment summary contracts
└── <a href="./scripts">scripts</a>: Where the scripts of the projects live
    ├── <a href="./scripts/json">json</a>: Data cleaning scripts for the output of <a href="./KontrolDeployment.sol">KontrolDeployment.sol</a>
    ├── <a href="./scripts/make-summary-deployment.sh">make-summary-deployment.sh</a>: Executes <a href="./KontrolDeployment.sol">KontrolDeployment.sol</a>, curates the result and writes the summary deployment contract
    └── <a href="./scripts/run-kontrol.sh">run-kontrol.sh</a>: Wrapper around the kontrol CLI to run the proofs
</pre>

### Installation

1. `cd` to the root of this repo.
2. Install Foundry by running `pnpm install:foundry`. This installs `foundryup`, the foundry toolchain installer, then installs the required foundry version.

> 3. Install Kontrol by running `pnpm install:kontrol`. This installs `kup`, the package manager for RV tools, then installs the required kontrol version.

Reviewer: Would it be good to add at the end something like 
"Alternatively, run `curl -L https://foundry.paradigm.xyz | bash`" for Foudry and 
"Alternatively, run `bash <(curl https://kframework.org/install)` and `kup install kontrol --version v$(jq -r .kontrol < versions.json)`" for Kontrol? Perhaps not, but I thought I'd ask

Author: Going to leave this as-is :)

4. Install Docker.

## Usage

Verifying proofs has two steps: build, and execute.

### Build Deployment Summary

First, generate a deployment summary contract from the deploy script in [`KontrolDeployment.sol`](./KontrolDeployment.sol) by running the following command:

```bash
./test/kontrol/scripts/make-summary-deployment.sh
```

[`KontrolDeployment.sol`](./deployment/KontrolDeployment.sol) contains the minimal deployment sequence required by the proofs.

> The [`make-summary-deployment.sh`](./scripts/make-summary-deployment.sh) script will generate a summary contract is used to load the post-`setUp` state directly into Kontrol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`make-summary-deployment.sh`](./scripts/make-summary-deployment.sh) script will generate a JSON state diff. This state diff is used in two ways by Kontrol.
First, Kontrol generates a summary contract recreating the state diffs recorded in the JSON. This contract is used to test that the information contained in the generated JSON is correct and aids in the specification of the symbolic property tests. The generation of this contract is also handled by the `make-summary-deployment.sh` script.
Second, the state diff JSON is used to load the post-deployment state directly into Kontrol when running the proofs.
```

> This step is optional if an up-to-date summary contract already exists, which will be the case until the `KontrolDeployment` contract changes.

Reviewer: If any of the tested contracts changes, it should also be the case that the JSON state diff (and thence the deployment contract) changes, since the etched code will be different

Author: Clarified in 1d24faf45

│   └── <a href="./proofs/utils">utils</a>: Proof dependencies, including the autogenerated deployment summary contracts
└── <a href="./scripts">scripts</a>: Where the scripts of the projects live
    ├── <a href="./scripts/json">json</a>: Data cleaning scripts for the output of <a href="./KontrolDeployment.sol">KontrolDeployment.sol</a>
    ├── <a href="./scripts/make-summary-deployment.sh">make-summary-deployment.sh</a>: Executes <a href="./KontrolDeployment.sol">KontrolDeployment.sol</a>, curates the result and writes the summary deployment contract
    └── <a href="./scripts/run-kontrol.sh">run-kontrol.sh</a>: Wrapper around the kontrol CLI to run the proofs
</pre>

### Installation

1. `cd` to the root of this repo.
2. Install Foundry by running `pnpm install:foundry`. This installs `foundryup`, the foundry toolchain installer, then installs the required foundry version.
3. Install Kontrol by running `pnpm install:kontrol`. This installs `kup`, the package manager for RV tools, then installs the required kontrol version.
4. Install Docker.

## Usage

Verifying proofs has two steps: build, and execute.

### Build Deployment Summary

> First, generate a deployment summary contract from the deploy script in [`KontrolDeployment.sol`](./KontrolDeployment.sol) by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: the KontrolDeployment.sol link target is broken here and elsewhere

Author: Thanks, fixed in 1861fde98
